Review 2024.4 changelog and documentation changes (#17030)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

## 2024.4

> This release includes a number of improvements to braille.

Reviewer: To me, putting this first, and listing off all of the braille changes, makes it seem like that was the focus of this release, and was all that changed.
Since there are so many braille changes, and miscellaneous other changes, I would suggest putting the list of braille stuff last.

Author: Done, let me know what you think.

You can now configure how NVDA shows text formatting in braille, and set NVDA to show the start of paragraphs in braille.
NVDA can now speak the character at the cursor when performing a braille cursor routing action.
Cursor routing reliability has been improved, and support for routing keys in PowerPoint has been added.
All lines of cells will now be used when using a multi-line braille display via HID braille.
The Seika Notetaker driver now correctly generates braille input for space, backspace, and dots with space/backspace gestures.
NVDA is no longer unstable after restarting NVDA during an automatic Braille Bluetooth scan.

NVDA can now be configured to report font attributes in speech and braille separately.

A new setting has been added to configure the timeout to perform a multiple press gesture, such as the report time/date command.

There have been improvements in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.

> There is now the ability to double-press the comment gesture to read the comment or note in a browsable dialog in Word or PowerPoint.

Reviewer: I have a suggested alternate wording. More importantly, however: this says PowerPoint. However the actual Change entry below, says Word and Excel.
Is it all three? Or is PowerPoint an error?

```suggestion
In Word or Excel, it is now possible to double-press the comment gesture, to read the comment or note in a browsable dialog.
```

Author: You're right, this is only in Word and Excel. Thanks.
```suggestion
In Word or Excel, it is now possible to double-press the comment gesture to read the comment or note in a browsable dialog.
```

## 2024.4

This release includes a number of improvements in Microsoft Office, braille, and document formatting.
There are also a number of other new features and fixes across the board.

In Word or Excel, it is now possible to double-press the comment gesture to read the comment or note in a browsable dialog.
You can now use the review cursor selection command to select text in PowerPoint.
NVDA also no longer brailles garbage characters when showing row or column header text in tables in Word when using the object model.

NVDA can now be configured to report font attributes in speech and braille separately.

A new setting has been added to configure the timeout to perform a multiple press gesture, such as the report time/date command.

You can now configure how NVDA shows text formatting in braille, and set NVDA to show the start of paragraphs in braille.
NVDA can now speak the character at the cursor when performing a braille cursor routing action.
Cursor routing reliability has been improved, and support for routing keys in PowerPoint has been added.
All lines of cells will now be used when using a multi-line braille display via HID braille.

> The Seika Notetaker driver now correctly generates braille input for space, backspace, and dots with space/backspace gestures.

Reviewer 2: I think this bug fix is too minor to mention

```suggestion
```

NVDA is no longer unstable after restarting NVDA during an automatic Braille Bluetooth scan.

eSpeak NG has been updated, adding support for the Faroese and Xextan languages.

> There have also been a number of fixes, including to the on-demand speech mode and mouse tracking in Firefox.

Reviewer: Changed the order, just so it doesn't sound like it could mean "fixes to the mouse tracking in Firefox". Yeah, now *that* is nitpicking.

```suggestion
There have also been a number of fixes, including to mouse tracking in Firefox, and the on-demand speech mode.
```

Author: I love nitpicks that actually add something, which this one certainly did :)

## 2024.4

This release includes a number of improvements to braille.
You can now configure how NVDA shows text formatting in braille, and set NVDA to show the start of paragraphs in braille.
NVDA can now speak the character at the cursor when performing a braille cursor routing action.
Cursor routing reliability has been improved, and support for routing keys in PowerPoint has been added.
All lines of cells will now be used when using a multi-line braille display via HID braille.
The Seika Notetaker driver now correctly generates braille input for space, backspace, and dots with space/backspace gestures.

> And NVDA is no longer unstable after restarting NVDA during an automatic Braille Bluetooth scan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NVDA is no longer unstable after restarting NVDA during an automatic Braille Bluetooth scan.
```

NVDA can now be configured to report font attributes in speech and braille separately.

> And a new setting has been added to configure the timeout to perform a multiple press gesture, such as the report time/date command.

Reviewer 2: I think these should be separate paragraphs

```suggestion

A new setting has been added to configure the timeout to perform a multiple press gesture, such as the report time/date command.
```

> There have been improvements in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, including the ability to double-press the comment gesture to read the comment or note in a browsable dialog in Word or PowerPoint, and to use the review cursor selection command to select text in PowerPoint.

Reviewer 2: This is quite a long sentence

```suggestion
There have been improvements in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
There is now the ability to double-press the comment gesture to read the comment or note in a browsable dialog in Word or PowerPoint.
You can now use the review cursor selection command to select text in PowerPoint.
```

## 2024.4

This release includes a number of improvements in Microsoft Office, braille, and document formatting.

> There are also a number of other new features and fixes across the board.

Reviewer 2: This is somewhat redundant

```suggestion
```

The available options are:
  * Liblouis (default): Uses formatting markers defined in the selected braille table.
  * Tags: Uses start and end tags to denote where certain font attributes begin and end. (#16864)

> * When the "Read by paragraph" option is enabled, NVDA can now be configured to indicate the start of paragraphs in braille. (#16895, @nvdaes)

Author: I've done both of these. Let me know what you think.

  * UIA for XAML and WPF text controls. (#16817, @LeonarddeR)
  * IAccessible2 for browsers such as Firefox and Chromium based browsers. (#11545, #16815, @LeonarddeR)
  * UIA in Windows Terminal. (#16873, @codeofdusk)
* Braille fixes:
  * It is now possible to use braille display routing keys to move the text cursor in Microsoft PowerPoint. (#9101)
  * When accessing Microsoft Word without UI Automation, NVDA no longer outputs garbage characters in table headers defined with the set row and column header commands. (#7212)
  * The Seika Notetaker driver now correctly generates braille input for space, backspace and dots with space/backspace gestures. (#16642, @school510587)
  * Cursor routing is now much more reliable when a line contains one or more Unicode variation selectors or decomposed characters. (#10960, @mltony, @LeonarddeR)
  * NVDA no longer throws an error when panning the braille display forward in some empty edit controls. (#12885)
  * NVDA is no longer unstable after restarting NVDA during an automatic Braille Bluetooth scan. (#16933)
* It is now possible to use the review cursor selection commands to select text in Microsoft PowerPoint. (#17004)

> * In on-demand speech mode, NVDA does not talk anymore when a message is opened in Outlook, when a new page is loaded in a browser or during the slideshow in PowerPoint. (#16825, @CyrilleB79)

Reviewer 3: Fixing my own work. The following is more correct:

```suggestion
* In on-demand speech mode, NVDA does not talk anymore when a message is opened in Outlook, when a new page is loaded in a browser or when displaying a new slide in a PowerPoint slideshow. (#16825, @CyrilleB79)
```

Author: Insert a comma for clarity, and correct "anymore" to "any more".
```suggestion
* In on-demand speech mode, NVDA does not talk any more when a message is opened in Outlook, when a new page is loaded in a browser, or when displaying a new slide in a PowerPoint slideshow. (#16825, @CyrilleB79)
```

  * Updated py2exe to 0.13.0.2 (#16907, @dpy013)
  * Updated setuptools to 72.0 (#16907, @dpy013)
  * Updated Ruff to 0.5.6. (#16868, @LeonarddeR)
  * Updated nh3 to 0.2.18 (#17020, @dpy013)
* Added a `.editorconfig` file to NVDA's repository in order for several IDEs to pick up basic NVDA code style rules by default. (#16795, @LeonarddeR)

> * Added support for custom speech symbol dictionaries. (#16739, @LeonarddeR)

Author: ```suggestion
* Added support for custom speech symbol dictionaries. (#16739, #16823, @LeonarddeR)
```
